README.md, before:

# stormsreach
ReactJS with Redux example app, which powers http://stormsreach.com.


LICENSE
=======

Neither this repository nor its website are affiliated with <a href="https://portalarium.com" alt="Portalarium Home">Portalarium, Inc</a>.  
<a href="https://www.shroudoftheavatar.com/" alt="SotA Website">Shroud of the Avatar</a> is a registered trademark of Portalarium, Inc. 

Artwork
-------

All arwork is Creative Commons Copyright 2017 by Todd Morningstar.

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-nd/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License</a>.

Software
--------

    STORM'S REACH WEBSITE SOURCE
    Application source code which powers stormsreach.com
    Copyright (C) 2017  Todd Morningstar

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for full GPLv3 License.

Commit message:

Update README and create GROKME file.
* README focuses on information about what the app is and does.
* GROKME focuses on infromation about how the app does (tech specs).
* Update Home HOC Component to include comment annotating image source.

README.md, after:

# stormsreach
ReactJS with Redux example app, which powers http://stormsreach.com.  
For technical specifications, please see the **[GROKME](GROKME.md)** file.

----

LICENSE
=======

Neither this repository nor its website are affiliated with <a href="https://portalarium.com" alt="Portalarium Home">Portalarium, Inc</a>.  
<a href="https://www.shroudoftheavatar.com/" alt="SotA Website">Shroud of the Avatar</a> is a registered trademark of Portalarium, Inc.

Artwork
-------

Except where noted in source, such as with renditions from [SotAMap](https://www.sotamap.com/), or display of any
PayPal, Portalarium, Inc. or Shroud of the Avatar art or iconography, all original artwork and design is covered under
the following license.

**Creative Commons License**

All artwork is Creative Commons Copyright 2017 by Todd Morningstar.

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-nd/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License</a>.

Software
--------

    STORM'S REACH WEBSITE SOURCE
    Application source code which powers stormsreach.com
    Copyright (C) 2017  Todd Morningstar

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for full GPLv3 License.
